
Problem Statement :
      In our day to day household life we all face problem when we feel uneasy or uncomfortable.
      But is it neccessary that every time the user faces some issue or require advice , that are not serious , 
      like somebody wants to get a normal fever medicine or someone wants to increase his/her stamina, he/she is
      required to go to doctor? Well, though it is advisable to visit the doctor whenever possible, but as discussed 
      above if due to unavailbility of specialist due to some reason, our HEALTHCARE APP can offer the alternative.
      
      
Proposed solution :
     Our proposed solution will be an app on which patient will first fill his/her details and then
     he/she will tell about his/her problem. Also,the app will suggest the related medicines to the user.
     Our app is the most easily accessible digital medium for patients to satisfy their healthcare needs instantly.
    
    
    
Implentation :
     Firstly, the user will enter his/her information. Secondly, he/she will tell about his/her problem he/she is 
     suffering from. When the user will select the problem the app will list the main medicines for that particular
     problem. This will be implemented by fetching data from related api. Also, there is a screen from which the 
     user can search any medicine and the app will give the detailed use for that respected medicine.
     Also, there is a page in which there is option to calculate BMI of a person. By entering his/her gender,
     height and weight the app will tell whether the person is normal,underweight or overweight.We can also
     consult the doctor by calling or chatting 
     Phone numbers of doctors are provided in the app.
     
     
Technologies used :
   1. Android - It's our platform where we are going to deploy our apps moreover Android gives us security that’s
    there right out of the box and never stops working. It’s like a security guard that never takes a break, a 
    nap or a holiday. It’s the operating system inside 2.5 billion active devices.
    
  2. Flutter - We are going to use flutter an open-source UI software development kit created by Google. 
  It’ll help to develop application for Android, iOS, Linux, Mac, Windows, Google Fuchsia, and the web from 
  a single codebase. So, we can implement our app on multiplatform if required.
  
  3. Firebase - Firebase is Google's mobile application development platform that helps you build, improve,
  and grow your app. The Firebase Realtime Database is a cloud-hosted NoSQL database that lets you store and
  sync data between your users in real-time. Cloud Firestore enables you to store, sync and query app data at global scale.
  
  
  Till now we have not connected firebase to this project. It is in process .


     
     
